Okay. So tell me a bit more about PlayStation. Seriously. Both my boys are really grown up and left home now, so I've got no idea what it is. How does it work? Well, you can have top to four players on it, right? So it links up to television, computer or whatever. Yeah. Okay. So how do four people play at the same time? There's some controllers that you have and just put a game in. You can play it. Each person has got to have their own controller. Right. So you bring your own controller, all plug it into the same television or computer. Put your game in. Yeah. And just play. So how do you play football on the computer? We need a football game and you can play it. How do you score goals or make people do things or things like that? The technology. But you must have something you work or something like that. Yeah. Because on the controller they've got different buttons and each button, I mean, that's something different. Like a square. I mean, shoot. And the circle means like the tackle or to pass or something like that. All right. So you got to know what you're doing. Yeah. All of it beyond me. Efa. This is even a new PSP app that I've got in my bag. It's like a PlayStation, but it's got its own screen and it's like that big. And you can play games, watch DVDs, the Internet's on it. So you don't need a computer? Not really, no. Amazing. Tell me about your favorite place in the world, somewhere you really like to go back to some holiday or something like that. Universal Studios in America. Right. What did you do there? It's like a really big caffeine park, and they've got different kinds of rides and stuff like that. Where did you go there? I went there about two years ago. I still remember it. And you say you like math and science at school? Yeah. You like science personally? Experiments. Yeah. Okay. What sort of experiments have you been doing? Cold water. Plant needs like if it needs water, sun, if it can survive in like a dark cupboard or something like that. So you get a plan, put it in a cupboard and see what happens. What happens? Well, if you leave it in a cupboard after about three days, it just dies. But if you put it on a window still, but it can get like a sun and you water it, it would just survive. People doing that by doing the experiment. You know, that plant needs water and sunlight. Yeah.